# CS499SoftwareDesign
The artifact chosen is my final project from my CS 330 class where I created a program to generate a textured chair using OpenGL. To do this, primitives are drawn on a plane, those primitives are then moved and modified together to create objects. In this case triangles are drawn together to make square planes, then those planes are rotated to create different parts of the chair from the legs to the seat to the chair back. The camera is operated by the user by holding down the left alt key and right mouse button and the user can use the scroll wheel on their mouse to zoom in and out. 
	This artifact was chosen because it shows my ability to use callback functions to accept user input inside the window. The callback functions are used to allow for the user to operate the camera. I also display effective use of loops to create multiple planes for different parts of the chair. For example, there is a loop for each leg of the chair, the seat and the chair back. To open a pop-up window, I use a while loop until the user hits the escape key. I improved this artifact by increasing the readability of the code. I removed unnecessary comments that were used during learning, I added descriptive comments for sections of code, and I added a description of the entire code at the top. The original camera position was off center, and the user was not able to see the entire chair without having to zoom out first, I corrected this in the enhancements by changing the original camera position values. I also added a new feature to the code that increased the complexity. The new feature is that the user can hold down the s key and the camera will orbit around the object without the user having to move their mouse. 
	My goals were to clean up the comments in the code and add a new feature to the camera to orbit around chair. I was successful in reaching my goals for this artifact’s enhancements. I learned from this experience that even a fully functional finished project can be improved on. I did very well on this assignment in my CS 330 class but there was still room from improvement. One challenge I faced was when I first implanted the lines of code to orbit around the chair, the camera would orbit through the chair. To fix this I tried multiple iterations, changed values until finally the camera orbited properly around the chair without clipping through the chair. 
